.TH make-arduinopkg 1 "Jan 2019" "" "Arduino Packer"

.SH NAME
make-arduinopkg \- Builds Debian package from Arduino binary distribution

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBmake-arduinopkg\fP [OPTIONS] [\fIFILE\fR]
.fam T
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmake-arduinopkg\fP builds a Debian package from the given Arduino binary distribution FILE.
.br
Download an Arduino package from \fBhttps://www.arduino.cc\fP and execute \fBmake-arduinopkg\fP \fIFILE\fR with the downloaded file. The Debian package is built in the current directory.
.br
The program requires about 300 MB free disk space in a temporary directory. The default directory is \fI/tmp\fR but you can change it by setting the environment variable \fITMPDIR\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print version information and exit.

.TP
\fB--help\fR
Display summary of options and exit.

.SH EXAMPLE
After you downloaded Arduino IDE from the website you need just to invoke make-arduinopkg to build the Debian package:

    make-arduinopkg /path/to/directory/arduino-1.8.8-linux64.tar.xz

This generates a Debian package in the current directory. It takes some time! After it has finished the resulting package can be installed with:

    dpkg -i arduino_1.8.8_amd64.deb

When finished the Debian package and the downloaded .tar.xz file can be removed.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.SM TMPDIR
Base directory used for temporary files (default is \fI/tmp\fR).

.TP
.SM DEBFULLNAME
Full name used in the maintainer field of the package.

.TP
.SM DEBEMAIL
E-Mail address used in the maintainer field of the package.

.SH AUTHOR
Philipp Meisberger <team@pm-codeworks.de>

Please send bug reports to this mail address. Visit http://www.pm-codeworks.de for more interesting projects.
